[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2007 drama film there will be
blood so let's get started Daniel
Plainview a prospector establishes a
drilling company after the death of a
worker
Daniel adopts the man's son the child HW
accompanies Daniel to meetings with
investors portrayed Daniel as a family
man
Daniel is approached by man and told of
an oil deposit under a farm in
California
Daniel attempts to buy the farm cheaply
however the man's apparent twin brother
Eli demands more money for his church an
agreement is made and Daniel acquires
all but one plot of land oil production
begins and an accident defens HW Eli
demands the money that is still owed and
Daniel beats him a man arrives claiming
to be Daniels half-brother Henry Daniel
hires him figuring out that Henry is not
who he says he is HW sets fire to their
house intending to kill Henry angry
Daniel sends him away
Henry confesses that he was a friend of
the real Henry Daniel murders him and
buries the body
Daniel is forced to the church after
being caught for the murder where Eli
humiliates him later Daniel lives as a
recluse and an alcoholic HW wants his
own oil company in Mexico Daniel reveals
HW as an orphan and HW leaves Eli visits
Daniel and offers to sell the land he
never acquired Daniel agrees if Eli will
denounce his faith and his credibility
Eli does so and Daniel reveals that the
property is worthless because he already
drained its oil
Eli confesses to have strayed morally
Daniel taunts him and beats him to death
so that was a spoiler for there will be
blood if you have a film you'd like to
see a spoil let us know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler alerts
on Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching